Orb Effects
-----------
There are certain skills that add bonuses or effects to the damage that they deal on an attack.
Some of those place certain indicators or "buffs" on the target (sometimes to deal damage per second or other timed effects).
Note that buffs are not always visible under the status bar.

Blizzard imposed certain restrictions regarding the behaviour of these "Buff Placers" probably for balance reasons.

Maim
----
Maim fully stacks with every other attack modifier, with only two exceptions:
1. Manually casting arrow effects will never trigger a Maim.
2. Multiple sources of Maim will not stack with each other. 

Two famous rules
----------------
1. Orb Effects do not stack (you will only get the effect of one "orb" skill).
2. You can only place one buff per attack.

Ranged
------
1. Critical Strike stacks with lifesteal (and quelling blade) only, other orb effects are overriden (with Critical Strike).
2. Bash stacks with lifesteal (and quelling blade), other orb effects are ovveriden (with Bash).

Melee
-----
1. Critical Strike stacks with all orb effects.
2. Bash stacks with all orb effects.

True Strike
-----------
It's important to know that both Bash and Critical Strike are basically the same skill using different settings.
Critical Strikes with a factor lower than 1.0x will not interfere with other Critical Strikes, and all Bashes have a factor of 0x by default.
The ability True Strike from MKB is a good example of this, it uses the setting "Never miss" which makes it disregard evasion, blind etc.
It uses a 0x damage factor so it has no stacking issues with other Critical Strikes. True Strike follows the "Bash" setting.

Bash and Crit Stacking
----------------------
1. Melee Unit: A melee unit has no problem having a crit and a bash in the same attack.
2. Ranged Unit: When a Critical Strike triggers in a ranged unit it will override all the previously acquired bashes and crits.

HP Regeneration
---------------
HP regenerated per second = Base Hitpoint Regeneration + (Strength * .03) + (Bonus HP Regen from Items and Skills), where:
Base Hitpoint Regeneration: It's a value set by the mapmaker in the WC3 Editor, for most heroes in DotA it's 0.25
(Exceptions: Nerubian Assassin has 2.5, Axe has 2, Gondar, Faceless Void, Juggernaut, Krobelus, Naga Siren,
Spiritbreaker, Stealth Assassin, Venomancer, Pandaren Brewmaster and Phantom Lancer have 0.75, Shadow Fiend and
Lone Druid have 0.5, Alchemist while using Chemical Rage has 15/30/60)

Mana Regeneration
-----------------
Mana regenerated per second = [Base Mana Regen + (Intelligence* .04)] * [1 + (% Total Percentage Increase)] + Regeneration From Brilliance Aura, where:
Base Mana Regen: Is a value set by the mapmaker in the WC3 Editor, for all heroes in DotA it's 0.01
(Except Techies who has 0.02 and Alchemist in Chemical Rage, who has 3/7.5/12 depending on the level)
Intelligence: It's your amount of INT including the amount in green numbers
Total Percentage Increase: Is the sum of all bonus percentages, in the example of one Sobi Mask (50%) and one Refresher Orb (200%) we display the result as 2.5
Regeneration From Brilliance Aura: The fixed amount granted by Brilliance Aura, note that it comes after every other increase so it doesn't affect the percentages at all.

Reliable/Unreliable Gold
------------------------
Gold is divided between two categories:
"Reliable gold" - Any bounty you get from hero kills is added to your reliable gold pool.
"Unreliable gold" - Everything else (creep kills, neutrals, etc).
Your current total gold is displayed normally on the top of your screen, while your current reliable gold is displayed in yellow in the title of your scoreboard.

Dying can only take away gold from your unreliable gold pool and not from your Reliable Gold.
Buying items uses up your unreliable gold first before using your Reliable Gold.
Buyback uses reliable gold first.

Trivia
------
25% cliff miss
1200 range creep exp (with hero(es) nearby, XP is distributed evenly)

When attacking enemy hero on their tower, if their creeps are near you they will attack you. If the tower has range it will attack you as well.
One form of harassing is using arrow skills, such as those on Drow, Viper or Clinkz.
The creeps react to these skills like they do normal spells, that is they do not draw aggression (must be manually cast, however).

Rune spawns every 2 minutes, starting at 0:00

Every 0.8 seconds each player is given 1 unreliable gold (2 in easy mode) this results in 5 gold each 4 seconds.

The clock starts at 6:00, which is where daytime starts. It is considered to be day between 6:00 to 18:00, and night from 18:00 to 6:00.
Each complete cycle takes 12 minutes (6 minutes day and 6 minutes night).

All trees (except those summoned by Furion's Sprout) will respawn every 5 minutes, starting when the first lane creeps spawn.
Trees will not spawn where there is a hero nearby, this so heroes aren't as easily trapped.

Neutral creeps spawn for the first time at 0:30, and then at the beginning of each consecutive minute (1:00, 2:00, etc).

It should be noted that the mana and HP regeneration provided by the fountains is percentage based, (4% per second)
and as such they don’t take longer to heal a hero with higher maximum life than others.

Good Guides
-----------
http://www.playdota.com/guides/improving-yourself-in-dota
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTZxmNx_rDw