1. statement is a sentence that is either true or false
2. argument is a series of sentences, and a conclusion

The general structure of an argument in a natural language is that of premises (typically in the form of propositions, statements or sentences) in support of a claim: the conclusion.

Premise: "Apples are a type of fruit."
Premise: "All types of fruit are food."
Conclusion: "Therefore, apples are food."

If the conclusion is false then either one or more of the premises is false or the process of combining the premises is logically invalid.
If the premises are true and the process is logically valid, then the conclusion must be true.



3. Tabelata so critical rows vo Discrete Mathematics knigata:

Vo site redici kade sto premises imaat TRUE vrednost, mora i conclusion da ima TRUE. Ako vo barem edna redica site premises se TRUE a conclusion e FALSE, togas argumentot ne e validen.

4. statement that is either true or false is called a proposition:

Sky is blue.

predicate is a proposition whose truth depends on the value of one or more variables.

x is blue.

5. While both sets and sequences perform a gathering role, there are several differences.
 The elements of a set are required to be distinct, but terms in a sequence can
be the same. Thus, .a; b; a/ is a valid sequence of length three, but fa; b; ag
is a set with two elements—not three.
 The terms in a sequence have a specified order, but the elements of a set do
not. For example, .a; b; c/ and .a; c; b/ are different sequences, but fa; b; cg
and fa; c; bg are the same set.
 Texts differ on notation for the empty sequence; we use  for the empty
sequence.
The product operation is one link between sets and sequences. A Cartesian
product of sets, S1S2  Sn, is a new set consisting of all sequences where the
first component is drawn from S1, the second from S2, and so forth. For example,
N  fa; bg is the set of all pairs whose first element is a nonnegative integer and
whose second element is an a or a b:
N  fa; bg D f.0; a/; .0; b/; .1; a/; .1; b/; .2; a/; .2; b/; : : :g